http://takebackthecbe.org,Adam Dossa
http://danacares.ca,Dana Downey
http://electallanto.com,Allan To
http://melaniewen.com,Melanie Wen
http://altheaadams.ca,Althea Adams
http://najeebbutt.com,Najeeb Butt
http://takebackthecbe.ca,Claudia Fuentes
http://laurahack.ca,Laura Hack
http://malikashraf.com,Malik Ashraf
http://ourstudentsourfuture.ca,Jay Chowdhury
http://marilyndennis.org,Marilyn Dennis
http://humairafalak4trustee.com,Humaira Falak
http://christaharris4trustee.com,Christa Harris
http://stephenjohn4trustee.com,Stephen John
http://baldevtambercalgary.ca,Baldev Kaur Tamber
http://patriciabolger4trustee.com,Patricia Bolger
http://vote4barbara.ca,Barbara La Pointe
http://cheryl4publictrustee.ca,Cheryl Munson
http://carterthomson.com/,Carter Thomson
http://db4cbe.ca,David Barrett
http://staceyselley.ca,Stacey Selley
http://monicatruong.ca,Monica Truong
http://susanvukadinovic.com,Susan Vukadinovic
http://shirleyanderson4cbe.ca,Shirley Anderson
http://nancyclose.ca,Nancy Close
http://takebackthecbe.ca,Hilary Sellen
http://cbetrusteemaxx.com,Maxx Lapthorne
http://charlenemay2021.com,Charlene May
http://Together.ForAStrongerAlberta.ca,Dar Zuch